docs/team/Ahmish15.md, before:

# Overview

A short overview of your product to provide some context to the reader. The opening 1-2 sentences may be reused by all
team members. If your product overview extends beyond 1-2 sentences, the remainder should be written by yourself.

# Summary of Contributions
## Code contributed

Give a link to your code on tP Code Dashboard. The link is available in the Project List Page -- linked to the  icon
under your profile picture.

## Enhancements implemented

A summary of the enhancements you implemented.

## Contributions to the UG

Which sections did you contribute to the UG?

## Contributions to the DG

Which sections did you contribute to the DG? Which UML diagrams did you add/updated?

## Contributions to team-based tasks

## Review/mentoring contributions
Links to PRs reviewed, instances of helping team members in other ways.

## Contributions beyond the project team:
Evidence of helping others e.g. responses you posted in our forum, bugs you reported in other team's products,
Evidence of technical leadership e.g. sharing useful information in the forum

Commit message:

DG,UG,CD,SD,BMI Junit and removed find and view command

docs/team/Ahmish15.md, after:

# Overview

A short overview of your product to provide some context to the reader. The opening 1-2 sentences may be reused by all
team members. If your product overview extends beyond 1-2 sentences, the remainder should be written by yourself.

# Summary of Contributions
Implemented all the Add commands and their respective parser classes. Also implemented the Search and BMI Command and their parser classes.
## Code contributed
https://github.com/Ahmish15/tp

## Enhancements implemented

Split the AddLogsCommand into 5 different classes to make it more modular and easier to read. Added the SearchCommand and BMICommand classes to allow users to search for their logs and calculate their BMI respectively.

## Contributions to the UG

added the following commands to the user guide: SearchCommand and BMICommand

## Contributions to the DG

BMI Class Diagram and Sequence Diagram.

## Contributions to team-based tasks

## Review/mentoring contributions
Links to PRs reviewed, instances of helping team members in other ways.

## Contributions beyond the project team:
Evidence of helping others e.g. responses you posted in our forum, bugs you reported in other team's products,
Evidence of technical leadership e.g. sharing useful information in the forum
