docs/team/keanneeee.md, before:

# Overview

A short overview of your product to provide some context to the reader. The opening 1-2 sentences may be reused by all
team members. If your product overview extends beyond 1-2 sentences, the remainder should be written by yourself.

# Summary of Contributions
## Code contributed

[Team Dashboard](https://nus-cs2113-ay2425s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/#/widget/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2025-02-21&chartGroupIndex=40&chartIndex=2)

## Enhancements implemented

A summary of the enhancements you implemented.

## Contributions to the UG

Which sections did you contribute to the UG?

## Contributions to the DG

Which sections did you contribute to the DG? Which UML diagrams did you add/updated?

## Contributions to team-based tasks

## Review/mentoring contributions
Links to PRs reviewed, instances of helping team members in other ways.

## Contributions beyond the project team:
Evidence of helping others e.g. responses you posted in our forum, bugs you reported in other team's products,
Evidence of technical leadership e.g. sharing useful information in the forum

Commit message:

add SD diagram for goals and shortened the goals section

docs/team/keanneeee.md, after:

# Overview
HealthBud is a CLI-based fitness logging assistant designed to help users track and improve their personal health
goals. It supports logging of meals, workouts, water intake, cardio sessions, and personal bests, while also offering
intelligent features such as progress status and workout recommendations.

# Summary of Contributions
## Code contributed

[Team Dashboard](https://nus-cs2113-ay2425s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/#/widget/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2025-02-21&chartGroupIndex=40&chartIndex=2)

## Enhancements implemented

I took charge of the implementations of the Goal and Water functions. I was focused on designing the features such
that it would be user-friendly all the while not compromising on the user's experience as well as giving them the full 
experience that our app was meant to deliver.

I also was involved in a few major revamps that our team decided for the projects, such as the increase in teh OOP-ness
of the project by splitting the parser and command execution functions. Our project compartmentalizes functionality in
a sense that we have a function which handles its own logic (command classes), while the input is getting parsed by a 
separate, exclusive function. This drastically improved readability of our code and made our whole project much easier 
to understand.

## Contributions to the UG

I added the Goal and Water sections of the UG.

## Contributions to the DG

I added the Goals Section as well as the Architecture Diagram.

## Contributions to team-based tasks

## Review/mentoring contributions
Links to PRs reviewed, instances of helping team members in other ways.

## Contributions beyond the project team:
Evidence of helping others e.g. responses you posted in our forum, bugs you reported in other team's products,
Evidence of technical leadership e.g. sharing useful information in the forum
